♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 16)
I have even got a name for our event.
It's called
"Help for Depression".
If you ever want a boyfriend,
let me be your first choice.
Thank you for sharing
your secret base with me.
Look at the glorious fireworks
I've prepared for you.
(Episode 17: Gone Lover)
Professor Hu.
Qin Meng.
What are you doing here in the Forensic Lab?
Aren't you going to give a lecture today?
It hasn't started yet.
Zhao told me
he was your assistant, too.
So I came with him to see you.
He's not my assistant.
What?
He's my right-hand man.
You're still the same, Professor Hu.
When I was his assistant,
he tricked me every day.
Nonsense.
Meng, come here.
Fanzhou,
fetch results of the test
we did last week.
Have a seat.
How's it going?
Isn't life busy
at the Judicial Expertise Center?
Not really.
Do you still write novels now?
Yes. Why?
You still have time to do that
and interest in it.
Professor Hu,
didn't you encourage me to write novels then?
It was just a casual remark.
I didn't expect you
to make it your second career.
Remember.
You're my student.
Don't neglect your original job.
Yes, Professor Hu.
Professor.
Look.
By the way,
recently
I read an interesting novel.
It was written
by a student of our school
whose name is Zhou Xiao.
Professor,
I'm your student
and I write novels, too.
Why didn't you read mine?
Yours are too serious and tiring,
but
the work of Zhou Xiao
from the Department of Chinese
is especially interesting.
When I read her novel,
it felt as if I was sipping wine on a sofa.
Relaxing.
Really?
What did she write?
Its name is
the Cold-blooded Two-faced Medical Examiner.
It's the Bloodthirsty
Two-faced Medical Examiner.
Yes.
Zhao, you read it, too?
He likes it very much.
He could hardly tear himself away from it.
Really? This novel seems to be popular.
I'll look it up on the Internet.
I find that many students
of our school write novels.
Doesn't your girlfriend write novels, too?
Ask her to come here.
I wanna have her autograph.
She may be a celebrity one day.
Then our Fanzhou
will need to study harder.
Zhao Fanzhou.
Zhao Fanzhou. Zhao Fanzhou.
Open the door.
The person you wanna see most is here.
Here is your future idol.
Zhao Fanzhou.
I'm going in.
You said the person I wanted to see
was in the lab.
It's you who wants to see me, isn't it?
Look at me. Quickly.
I need to wait for Qin Meng
at the door of the hall.
No.
Is she your girlfriend?
Professor, I'll go to give my lecture then.
I'll come to see you again.
Don't keep the students waiting.
Have you calmed down?
Give me a few more minutes.
It's the first time I've seen my idol.
I'm nervous.
Ms. Qin is going.
Ms... Ms. Qin, hello.
I'm from the Department of Chinese.
I like your novels very much
and you're an example to me.
You're Zhou Xiao, aren't you?
How do you know my name?
The Bloodthirsty Two-faced Medical Examiner.
You... you know my novel?
Oh, I see.
Huh?
Nothing.
You just
impressed me.
So you read the novel I wrote.
It's because Professor Hu
and Zhao strongly recommended your novel.
Actually I decided to write novels
after reading your works.
That would be a great compliment.
So Ms. Qin,
can you give another lecture
which all students can attend?
Your fans are so envious
of those from
the Department of Forensic Medicine.
I think I can consider that.
Okay.
It's just a lecture. I'll give another one.
Really?
She'll give another one.
But my speech was written
for students
of the Department of Forensic Medicine.
Never mind.
I can help you prepare another one.
But you'll have to give the outline
to me tomorrow morning.
Okay. I can do that.
Are you sure?
Yes.
It's just a two-hour lecture.
How can she talk about so many things?
You promised quite firmly just now.
It's just like an interview.
You have to say
you can do it
or you'll learn it.
If there's anything
you don't understand,
you can ask me.
Got it.
But the audience has changed
from the Department of Forensic Medicine
to various departments of our school.
I think the content should be
approachable and interesting.
Mm.
Mm?
Just one word, mm?
As my studying companion,
can you be more responsible?
I need inspiration.
Inspiration.
What?
Improving your technical skill
will bring you lots of inspiration.
Oh.
Don't stay up too late.
It's all your fault.
Focus. Focus.
There's only one page left.
(Don't stay up too late.)
Is she asleep?
Ms. Qin, this way, please.
Hello, Ms. Qin, chairman.
Hello, Ms. Qin.
This is what I prepared yesterday.
You've already finished organizing them?
I thought you couldn't give me anything today
so I stayed up late
and prepared one, too.
Looks like it's not necessary.
Thank you, Ms. Qin.
I'll go back to the auditorium.
Don't.
Just sit beside me.
Is that alright?
You prepared this speech for me
and I don't know it well.
What if I make any mistakes?
But the Student Union
has arranged for a host.
Can't I have my own opinions?
Of course you can. You got me wrong.
Okay.
Go on the platform first.
I have to go to the bathroom.
I'll show you the way.
Hello.
Zhou Xiao,
why are you here?
Ms. Qin asked me to sit here.
Why?
I'm the host.
You can fetch another chair.
Try to be relaxed later.
I'm nervous. I'm scared.
Just be yourself.
You can handle it.
Fanzhou, you came at the right time.
I'm the host appointed
by the Student Union
and I hosted the last lecture
of Ms. Qin Meng.
But now Zhou Xiao...
Ms. Qin has told me.
You'll both
cooperate with her in this lecture.
I'm off. Do a good job.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Why are you staring at me?
Zhou Xiao,
must you steal this from me, too?
Steal what?
Stop pretending.
You said it so genuinely
that you and Fanzhou were just friends.
But then you stole him from me.
When has he become yours?
You...
Ms. Qin, this way.
In order to avoid magnetic interference,
please put your phones
in the box.
Good morning, everyone.
I'm your host, Jia Yichun.
You must know
Ms. Qin Meng very well.
Ms. Qin is...
What's up with Zhou Xiao?
What?
She looks...
she looks terrible in the video.
She's quite photogenic.
She will mainly talk
about writing and medical examiners.
Now Ms. Qin Meng will
give her lecture.
Hello, everyone.
Before I give this lecture,
I want to introduce a student to you.
She's Zhou Xiao
from the Department of Chinese.
Good. Good.
She's a bit nervous
but
my speech
was prepared by her.
So I just made a decision.
I decided to change this lecture
into a dialogue
between you and I.
Is that okay?
For starters,
we may not know much about medical examiners.
But through detective fictions
and relevant films and TV series,
we can get some new information about them.
Medical examiners on television
usually
wear suits
and look radiant.
But I think
when Ms. Qin is working,
she must basically live in a pickup
and always be on the go.
Zhou Xiao is right.
Actually it's in TV series
that you saw
most analyses of cases.
But in real life,
it'll just be a few of us
surrounding an 11'' laptop
and looking at it together.
Although it's a bit laborious,
I think it's pretty good.
Because that can...
Actually five years ago
when I just went to college,
I thought the same as you do.
But
over the five years in NFU,
I changed.
Ms. Qin,
just now you mentioned that solving cases
provided you with a lot of things
to write about.
Could you share with us some cases
that have left a deep impression on you?
Hello. Who am I speaking to?
Hello. Are you Zhao Fanzhou?
Yes.
We're trying to save your mom
in our hospital.
Her life is not in danger
but she's not in a good mental state.
Please come to our hospital
as quickly as possible.
You're trying to save her?
Yes.
The sightseeing bus she took overturned
and her wrist and pubis were broken.
She's still in a coma.
Which hospital is it?
Haicheng People's Hospital.
Okay. I've got it. I'll be right there.
Thank you.
Actually many cases
were really abominable
and made us feel angry and sad.
But meanwhile,
when solving cases,
we were deeply aware
of those miseries in the world.
So it is a great honor
to share these things with you.
When people speak of cases,
I'll always have strong feelings.
I'm not from
the Department of Forensic Medicine
(I gotta go. Text me after it's over.)
but I'm a loyal fan of yours.
I read every one of your books.
Every one of them?
Yes, every one of them.
You've read all of them?
Yes.
Which is your favorite?
I like the Secret Chambers
series most.
One of them is Secret Chambers:
Inescapable.
I like that book, too.
Which part do you like most?
The part that the hero
(Block)
was stuck in a bus underground.
He was so scared already
in the darkness.
And at such a moment,
red wine spurted from everywhere
like a fountain.
And then...
(Block this phone number?)
Red wine spurted from everywhere?
Yes. Yes.
(Delete message from this number?)
That part is super thrilling
and the description is perfect.
I like it
when it's eerie and a little bit frightening.
Actually I myself...
I'm so much better than her.
Why can Fanzhou never see it?
Doctor,
I'm on my way to the hospital.
How's my mom?
She's still in the operating room.
Okay, thank you.
Please drive faster, sir.
Okay.
Zhou Xiao,
thanks for your help today.
Thanks for giving me a chance
to improve myself.
These are your phones.
Okay. Thanks.
You're welcome.
I hope we'll see each other again.
Mm. Okay.
Come on.
Zhou Xiao.
Excellent.
Hello, Ms. Qin.
I'll be off, then?
Bye, Ms. Qin.
Goodbye, Ms. Qin.
Xiao, you were so impressive in the speech.
Your questions were so interesting.
The three of us couldn't stop laughing.
Quickly. I want your autograph.
Enough. Enough.
Not until we're back in the dorm.
Where's Zhao Fanzhou?
He left in the middle of the speech.
He may have something to do.
Give him a call.
Okay.
(Zhao Fanzhou)
Sorry! The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
Alright, call him while we're going.
Okay. Let's go.
Hello, here.
Are you Shen Mengjun's relative?
Yes. I'm her son.
How's my mom now?
She's still in the operating room
but the operation is successful.
Don't worry. It's not serious.
She'll be transferred to a normal ward later.
Okay. Thank you.
Not at all.
Wait for a while here.
I'll go in the operating room.
Someone will tell you more about it later.
Okay.
Don't worry.
Mm.
Sorry! The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
(Zhou Xiao)
Sorry! The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
Sorry! The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
Zhou Xiao, you still can't reach him?
He didn't answer my calls.
Maybe his phone is out of power.
I just can't reach him.
I feel
unutterably anxious.
Would he be in the lab?
Oh, yes.
She didn't have her lunch.
Tao Ling,
do you want to finish up the food?
No. I want to sleep.
(Recents
Zhou Xiao(6))
Where on earth is he?
Was he sold to Africa
to bathe elephants?
I hate you, Zhao Fanzhou.
I hate you.
Hey,
you almost murdered a national level athlete.
You could be sent to prison.
I'll be jailed no matter who I murder,
whether he's a national level athlete or not.
Okay. See you later.
Xie Yixing.
What are you doing?
Are you really going to murder me?
Do you know
where Zhao Fanzhou is?
Fanzhou?
Aren't you his girlfriend?
If you don't know, why would I know?
That's right.
Are you okay?
What's going on?
(Zhao Fanzhou)
Hello.
Where are you?
I'm in the hospital.
My mom had a car accident.
The operation is successful.
Thanks.
Oh, by the way,
tell Zhou Xiao
that I kept calling her
but I couldn't get through.
Ask her
to contact me.
Thanks.
Sorry! The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
Ms. Liu.
Zhou Xiao.
Ms. Liu,
did Zhao Fanzhou come here today?
He's not on duty today.
I didn't see him.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, Zhou Xiao.
Yes? Did you remember where he was?
No.
I just remembered
that he hasn't returned a book.
I saw his name when I was making a list
of overdue books today.
Remind him about it.
Remind him?
I don't even know where he is.
What did you say?
Oh, nothing. Nothing.
What's the book?
Its name is
The Psychology of Love.
What?
You didn't expect
he would borrow this kind of book, did you?
We discussed it for a long time
and wondered why he borrowed it.
I could never expect that.
Ms. Liu asked
since when Zhao Fanzhou
had been interested
in love psychology.
I was only kidding. Did I scare you?
No. I'm okay.
But
Zhao Fanzhou did borrow that book.
You've got to be careful.
Okay.
Alright, I'll be seeing you.
Okay. Goodbye.
Mm.
Sorry! The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
It's been a tiring day.
My arms ache.
They do?
Have an early rest. Don't stay up late.
Look at Lu.
I hear Chen Yu dumped her
when they just dated.
So funny.
It's really embarrassing.
She's picking up shuttlecocks there.
Did you come to play badminton, coach?
Or what?
To hear you speak ill of others?
How could you talk like that?
That's rude.
I was only talking like you did.
How could he say that?
Let's go.
Why are you picking shuttlecocks here alone?
This is unacceptable.
Did they make you do this?
Tell me.
Don't you know?
It's my turn to pick up shuttlecocks today.
Ah?
Oh, I forgot to tell you something.
Mm.
Zhao Fanzhou called me
and said he was out of town
to look after his mom.
Why did you talk about him with me?
Zhou Xiao said she couldn't reach him.
Would Zhou Xiao not
be able to reach Zhao Fanzhou?
I'm wondering, too.
Just remember to tell her.
Okay. Got it.
Is she
looking for Fanzhou?
Hello.
Okay, Fanzhou.
Zhou Xiao.
Are you looking for Fanzhou?
Yeah.
He just called me
and asked me to tell you
his mom was in hospital
so he would be away for the next few days.
Her mom is in hospital?
Is she seriously ill?
Well,
Fanzhou asked me not to tell.
Hey.
See you, then.
Mm.
Just now chairman called me
and said we needed to prepare...
You're back.
Where are Wei and Tao Ling?
I dunno.
By the way,
Zhao Fanzhou asked Xie Yixing to tell you
he was out of town to look after his...
I know.
What?
But Xie Yixing said he...
Xie Yixing?
Anyway, I'm the last to know
he's out of town to look after his mom.
He called everyone except me.
What's wrong?
Why did he call everyone except you?
We broke up.
How come?
Zhao Fanzhou is obviously hiding from me.
He didn't answer my calls
or call me back.
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
May it be that he's occupied in the hospital
and doesn't have time to contact you?
Why did he have time to contact others, then?
He had time
to call Xie Yixing and those
of the Student Union.
And even Jia Yichun.
Xiao, don't be so sad.
Come on, let me give you a hug.
Quickly. Answer it.
Hello, there's a package for you.
Come downstairs and sign for it, please.
Who is it?
Is it Zhao Fanzhou?
A delivery man.
I'll go and get it.
Stay here. I'll get it for you.
No. No. No.
I'll get it myself.
What?
Are you not happy to see me?
Who are you waiting for?
Zhao Fanzhou?
Did he hurt you?
How do you know?
(Yiting Book Cafe)
Are you eating ice cream
or your tears?
Leave me alone.
I wish I could do that.
Wipe your tears.
You're ugly.
(Breakup symptom 1: Self-doubt)
Am I really ugly?
Do you think
it's because I'm ugly
that Zhao Fanzhou broke up with me
and didn't contact me?
That's possible.
Cai Yasi.
Don't think I'm too sad
to kill you now.
Actually I know.
You don't have to comfort me.
Men won't like my appearance.
And I don't have a charismatic personality.
Other girls want beautiful faces and hair.
Only I want to know how to kill someone
without being caught.
I wouldn't like myself if I were a boy.
But how could he do that?
However ugly I am,
he couldn't tell everyone
except me.
Am I a stranger?
I'm his ugly and annoying girlfriend.
Stop crying.
If you don't,
people will think I did something to you.
Aren't you too heartless?
I was dumped.
I wish you were really dumped.
What?
Nothing.
Can you not think so much?
If you can't get it,
just call him.
No.
I have my dignity.
Keep crying, then.
No, I won't cry anymore.
The ice cream has become salty with tears.
Let's go.
Where do you want to go?
Hey.
Wait for me.
Don't walk so fast.
Where are you going?
Let's have dinner together
or do what you feel like doing.
What's wrong?
Sorry! The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
Sorry! The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
Why can't I get through to you?
Has Xie Yixing told you what I'm doing?
Don't be angry.
I'll go back and explain
when things are done here.
Fanzhou.
Fanzhou!
You're back.
Mm.
Are you okay?
Yes.
(Breakup symptom 2: Pretending it's over)
Who am I?
It's no big deal.
My next boyfriend will be better.
Xiao, cry if you want to.
We're all your shoulders.
Don't restrain yourself.
Yes. You'll feel better after crying.
It's alright.
We won't laugh at you.
You can't stop crying
even when watching a TV play.
We've been used to it. Feel free to cry.
I've just cried. I can't cry now.
You cried without us outside.
That's not what a friend should do.
It's because of Cai Yasi.
He asked me something
and I couldn't help it.
It's okay.
We bought a lot of delicious things.
Let's eat and release all our emotions.
Look.
Cai Yasi also bought her many things.
Well, we can eat them together,
though I ate some just now.
Who on earth are your bosom friends?
You are.
Of course you guys.
Looks like you're okay now.
Yes. I've got over it.
Okay.
That's a good thing.
I'll take a shower.
It's so hot.
Wait.
Let me do it first
or I'll have to wait for ages.
I'll shower first. I'll shower first.
It's time I studied.
Where are you?
Why didn't you answer my calls?
Call me. I'm worried about you.
I'll be angry if you don't call me now.
Mom, the temperature should be alright now.
Fanzhou,
don't look at your phone.
Focus on looking after me, okay?
Okay.
Wanna drink more of it?
Mm.
The doctor said
you could leave here in two days.
Dad will pick us up then.
What does he come here for?
I didn't die.
He must be disappointed.
Mom.
Fanzhou,
do you know why...
why he hates me so much?
Mom,
calm down.
You thought too much.
Calm down.
How's your mom?
Is it serious?
Sorry!
The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
Sorry!
The number you have dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
My mom is not seriously hurt
and she'll be discharged
the day after tomorrow.
Your phone seems to be broken.
I can't get through to you.
I'll tell you the details when I'm back.
Hello.
Are you Shen Mengjun's relative?
Yes, I am.
Here's the thing.
When your mom was taken here,
she wasn't badly injured
but she suffered from emotional instability.
So the doctor had to give her a sedative.
Now our psychiatrists
want to assess her
so I came to tell you about it.
Okay.
Besides,
the patient is still unstable now
and needs to rest.
Don't let too many people visit her.
I've got it. Thank you.
Mm.
(Breakup symptom 3: Extreme anger)
He still made no reply.
Why?
How can this man be
so vicious?
Zhou Xiao, it's still early.
Don't go mad now.
Quickly. Come here.
Girls,
it's time for revenge.
What?
Are you okay, Zhou Xiao?
Wow, they've all been set out. Come on.
Grab everything you want.
Don't hesitate.
Okay. Thanks.
I want this. This.
And this one.
And that one.
I want every one of them.
Is she crazy?
They're still not enough, are they?
Would you like some more?
No. My tray is full already.
We can't finish all these things.
No, thank you.
(Name: Zhao Fanzhou)
Does anyone want a free lunch?
My treat.
(Next Episode)
There's not a single person I can't locate.
Then why do you disappear
and disconnect from her?
I think I'm the one who couldn't
get in touch with her.
Why do you bring me here?
We haven't broken up.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪